Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-xaf-how-to-customize-an-aspnet-template: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E4359)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # XAF - How to add navigation history element to a custom ASP.NET Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# XAF - How to add a navigation history element to a custom ASP.NET Template
```

> This examples shows how to create a custom ASP.NET template and add the NavigationHistoryActionContainer to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a custom ASP.NET template and add NavigationHistoryActionContainer to it.
```
